Add chart release process (#55)
sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-helm: RELEASE.md

# Sourcegraph Helm Chart Release

> Sourcegraph helm chart may be released outside the regular [Sourcegraph releases] schedule, these steps are required whenever releaseing a new version.

## 1. Bump the `version` in `Chart.yaml`

> Doulbe check the `CHANGELOG.md` see if there is any `**BREAKING**:` changes and follow [semver] to bump chart `version` accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Double check the `CHANGELOG.md` to see if there are any `**BREAKING**:` changes and follow [semver] to bump chart `version` accordingly. Increase the minor version for a breaking change or Sourcegraph upgrade, patch version for a backwards-compatible change.
```

Reviewer: Sorry, that started out as a typo fix and then I figured "why not explain more". Feel free to ignore!
